
Link: https://codepen.io/thomasjk0831/pen/jOWzpOP?editors=1100

Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    gives meaning to HTML content
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    gives stucture to web site
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    It is a value to modify an element. we put it inside a tag. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    it's for the main header. You should use it once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, a
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    title and metadata 
    7. What is an id? 
    an attribute that you can use to link to another part of same website and use to style in a stylesheet
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You use on any element
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    once
    10. What is a class? 
    an attribute that you can use to style a website
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as many as you like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target=_blank
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    describe an image for the visually impaired
    15. How do I reference an id?
    you use #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is semantic
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    style a website
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    id is more specific. You can use id link to part of the page. You can use class to style multiple elements.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    you use the '.' symbol before the name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent>child selects only the child element. useful when an element is a child and you need to target just the child.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div a .sidebar{

    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    selects elements when under a certain state, like hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? capitalize?
    text-transform:lowercase , uppercase, xapitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div{
    border: 1px dotted black
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* text */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm file.txt   it is permanent and there is no warning.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    so you can revert back to a previous version if there are any errors.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    as often as possible.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    you go to a github remote repo and fork it. Then you add your TL as a collabolator. Then you would clone that to your local computer. You would branch it.
    Any time you need to save a version of local repo, you need to add, commit. When you are ready to push to the remote github repo, you use git push. then you would pull request and 
    have an instructor review it.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    block creates a break: div
    inline does not create a break: span
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
     positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor instead of positioned relative to the viewport
    
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    diplay block by default: div, section, push
    display inline: span strong
    inline-block:img

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    all elements have spacing between them: padding, border, margin.
    use % instead of fixed value?
